hey YouTube this is David thank you for
watching recently the company announced
the HTC Desire eight one six G which is
supposedly a 3G only variant of the
desire 816 with watered-down
specifications we love the desire 816
for its great 13 megapixel camera and
its media playback capabilities let's
hope that the Taiwanese smartphone
company can recreate the same magic with
the new desire 816 guarentees look and
feel the HTC Desire eight one six G is
identical to the desire 816 review
pictures except that the former is 7
grams lighter at 158 grams and a
negligible 0.1 millimeters thicker than
its elder brother the design issues we
had with the desire 816 persists with
the desire eight one six G
specifications and software HTC has
decided to go with a meta heck six
thousand five hundred and eighty two
quad-core chipset clocked at 1.3 G Hertz
per core with integrated Mali 400 MP
graphics the phone also has 1gb of RAM
and 8gb of storage space
apart from this microSD cards of up to
32gb can be used as we mentioned before
the desire eight one six G is a 3G only
device but only the primary SIM card can
connect to a 3G network with respect to
the other connectivity options there is
Bluetooth V 4.0 and Wi-Fi a / b / G /
and as well there is a 13 megapixel
primary camera and a 5 megapixel
front-facing camera both these shooters
can capture 1 0 8 0 P videos providing
the juice for the phone is a 2 6 0 0 mAh
battery
the 5.5 inch screen has a resolution of
72 0 X 1 to 8 0 which translates to a
pixel density of approximately 267 PPI
the panel is of the relatively old s LCD
to type and while it does display crisp
visuals viewing angles are not too great
casual games run fine on the phone but
don't expect it to play high-end games
smoothly this was corroborated by the
gfs bench and 3d mark ice storm scores
of 7.3 fps and 3143 respectively the
more CPU bound into two and quadrant
returns scores of 17,500 and one and six
thousand nine hundred and 26
respectively which are not too great the
desire eight one six G managed to play
all the videos we tried this included a
one zero eight zero P video encoded at
four zero Mbps HTC claims that the
desire eight one six G has boomsound but
it is not as good as the implementation
we saw on the HTC One max review or the
HTC One m8 stereo separation is good but
the overall sound is tinny
moreover it doesn't get very loud
verdict HTC had priced the phone at ours
eighteen thousand nine hundred and
ninety at its launch which wasn't too
long ago but it is already available at
a discounted price of around our
seventeen thousand we think even this
asking price is a little on the high
side this device takes the really good
formula of the htc desire 816 big screen
decent specifications and a great camera
and reduces it to something we really
cannot be as enthusiastic about why
would anyone want to buy the desire
eight one six G we really don't have an
answer the newly launched lenovo vibe x2
and the hawaii I honor six are much
better phones in the same price range
and we'd suggest looking at those
instead